Accurate: Careful, precise, free from error.
Adaptable: Able to adapt oneself to new surroundings; to make suitable change so as to fit new conditions.
Alert: Watchful, wide awake, ready to act.
Ambitious: Full of ambition, strong desire "to do" something.
Amiable: Feeling and inspiring friendliness; lovable.
Analytical: Employing analytic methods; separating things into their parts of elements.
Articulate: Able to express oneself clearly, do not mumble.
Assertive: Insist on one's rights or opinions.
Attentive: To notice, pay attention to, careful attention.
Broad-minded: Being tolerant or liberal in thought or opinion.
Businesslike: Practical, systematic.
Calm: Stillness, serenity, peaceful, undisturbed.
Capable: Having the skills/ability or fitness for.
Careful: Watchful, cautious, concerned for.
Competent: Adequately qualified, ability.
Confident: Trusting, fully assured, belief, trust in yourself.
Conscientious: Good moral understanding of right and wrong.
Consistent: Constant to same principles, not changing.
Cooperative: Work well with others.
Dedicated: Devoted to aims or vocation.
Dependable: May be relied on.
Determined: To do, resolve, on a course of action.
Efficient: Competent, capable, able to get results.
Energetic: Active, full of life, vigorous, an energetic worker.
Enterprising: Strong interest, great eagerness.
Flexible: Manageable, adaptable, versatile.
Hardworking: Done with energy, industrious.
Honest: Not lying, cheating or stealing, sincere.
Independent: Ability to work on your own without being constantly supervised.
Industrious: Hardworking, diligent.
Innovative: Make changes, introduction of something new.
Motivated: The inner reason for any act; as, hunger might be the motive for working.
Optimistic: View that good prevails over evil.
Organized: Place things in working order.
Patient: Calm.
People-oriented: Enjoy working/being with people.
Persevering: Steadfast pursuit to an aim, refusal to give up; continued effort.
Practical: Inclined or suited to useful action, rather that speculation. Good with hands
Productive: Tending to produce.
Realistic: Practical views/policy, truth/detail, presenting people/scenes as they are.
Reliable: Dependable.
Resourceful: Responsible: Capable of rational conduct, trustworthy.
Versatile: Turning easily or readily from occupation/job to another, changeable.